First things first
I am gona say all the words
inside my head
I am fired up and tired of the
way that things have been
The way that things have been
Second things second
Don′t you tell me what you
think that I could be
I am the one at the sail‚ I
am the master of my sea
The master of my sea
I was broken from a young age
Taken my sulking to the masses
Writing my poems for the few
That look to me‚ took to me‚
shook to me‚ feeling me
Singing from heartache from the pain
Taking my message from the veins
Speaking my lesson from the brain
Seeing the beauty through the
Pain
You made me a‚ you made me
a believer‚ believer
Pain
You break me down‚ you build
me up believer‚ believer
Pain
Let the bullets fly oh let them rain
My life‚ my love‚ my drive‚
it came from
Pain
You made me a‚ you made me
a believer‚ believer
Third things third
Send a prayer to the ones up above
All the hate that You have heard has
turned your spirit to a dove
Oh oo
Your spirit up above
I was choking in the crowd
Building my rain up in the cloud
Falling like ashes to the ground
Hoping my feelings‚ they would drown
But they never did‚ ever lived‚
ebbing and flowing
Inhibited‚ limited‚ till it broke open
And rained down‚ you rained down like
Pain
You made me a‚ you made me
a believer‚ believer
Pain
You break me down you build
me up believer‚ believer
Pain
Let the bullets fly‚ oh let them rain
My life‚ my love‚ my drive‚
it came from
Pain
You made me a‚ you made me
a believer‚ believer
Last things last
By the grace of the fire and the flame
You are the face of the future
The blood in my veins
But they never did‚ ever lived‚
ebbing and flowing
Inhibited‚ limited‚ till it broke open
And rained down‚ you rained down like
I want to stop
We can′t
Pain
You made me a‚ you made me
a believer‚ believer
Pain
You break me down you build
me up believer‚ believer
Pain
Let the bullets fly oh let them rain
My life my love my drive it came from
Pain
You made me a‚ you made me
a believer‚ believer
by RentAnAdviser.com